this is not a real bird it's actually a
bionic bird designed to flap its wings
to mimic both the movement and
appearance of a real bird so kind of
like a drone but just apparently with
one distinct benefit I'm curious if it
will go all the way to the sky like the
real
birds oh my God ah you trying to kill me
so this is the app you Ed to control it
the further you push forward the faster
the wings flap then you rotate the phone
left to turn it left and you rotate the
phone right to turn the bird right
that's so surreal I can't believe I'm
controlling this you want to come down
buddy I'm curious though how precisely
can you control a bird okay so not the
best so why would anyone ever pick one
of these over a drone well because
apparently the fact that there's Wings
instead of propellers it makes less
noise but does it